[Durable Objects - Workers] Add Hibernation API to changelog; add note (#9287)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects.md

If the method fails with an uncaught exception, the exception will be thrown into the calling Worker that made the `fetch()` request.

> ### {{<beta>}} WebSockets Hibernation API {{</beta>}}

Reviewer: Curious... It seems that this "beta" tag causes the section anchor to render as:

https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects/#hahahugoshortcode-s2-hbhb

(can be seen by clicking on the "#" that appears to the left of the section tag when hovering over it.)

Author: Good catch. Wanted to get the `-beta` part out of the anchor tag so we don’t break it in future.

Let me set an explicit tag.

Reviewer: Looks like there are a few other places in the docs already using the "-beta" anchor.  Added PR#9302

Durable Objects WebSockets support includes Cloudflare-specific extensions to the standard WebSocket interface, related methods on the `state` object, and handler methods that a Durable Object can implement for processing WebSocket events.

> The Hibernation APIs allow a Durable Object that is not currently running an event handler, such as handling a WebSocket message, HTTP request, or [alarm](/workers/learning/using-durable-objects/#alarms-in-durable-objects), to be removed from memory while keeping its WebSockets connected ("hibernation").

Reviewer 2: > The Hibernation APIs allow a Durable Object

The Hibernation **API allows** a Durable Object

> The Hibernation APIs allow a Durable Object that is not currently running an event handler, such as handling a WebSocket message, HTTP request, or [alarm](/workers/learning/using-durable-objects/#alarms-in-durable-objects), to be removed from memory while keeping its WebSockets connected ("hibernation").

Author: ```suggestion
The Hibernation API allows a Durable Object that is not currently running an event handler, such as handling a WebSocket message, HTTP request, or [alarm](/workers/learning/using-durable-objects/#alarms-in-durable-objects), to be removed from memory while keeping its WebSockets connected ("hibernation").
```

- {{<code>}}state.acceptWebSocket(ws{{<param-type>}}WebSocket{{</param-type>}}, tags{{<param-type>}}Array\<string>{{</param-type>}}{{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}){{</code>}} : {{<type>}}void{{</type>}}

>   - Adds a WebSocket to the set attached to this object. `ws.accept()` must NOT have been called separately. Once called, any incoming messages will be delivered by calling the Durable Object's `webSocketMessage()` handler, and `webSocketClose()` will be invoked upon disconnect. After calling this, the WebSocket is accepted, so its `send()` and `close()` methods can be used to send messages, but its `addEventListener()` method won't ever receive any events as they'll be delivered to the Durable Object instead. `tags` are optional string tags which can be used to look up the WebSocket with `getWebSockets()`. Each tag is limited to 256 characters, and each WebSocket is limited to 10 tags associated with it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Adds a WebSocket to the set attached to this object. `ws.accept()` must NOT have been called separately. Once called, any incoming messages will be delivered by calling the Durable Object's `webSocketMessage()` handler, and `webSocketClose()` will be invoked upon disconnect. After calling this, the WebSocket is accepted, so its `send()` and `close()` methods can be used to send messages. Its `addEventListener()` method won't ever receive any events as they'll be delivered to the Durable Object instead. `tags` are optional string tags which can be used to look up the WebSocket with `getWebSockets()`. Each tag is limited to 256 characters, and each WebSocket is limited to 10 tags associated with it.
```

>   - This API has a maximum of 32,768 WebSockets connected per Durable Object instance, but the CPU and memory usage of a given workload may further limit the practical number of simultaneous connections. 

Reviewer 2: > This API has a maximum of 32,768 WebSockets connected per Durable Object instance

This API **permits** a maximum of 32,768 **WebSocket connections** per Durable Object instance
